1.4.7, 1.5.1, istio-security-2020-004 (#6969)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.4.x/announcing-1.4.7/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.4.7
linktitle: 1.4.7
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.4.7 patch release.
publishdate: 2020-03-25
release: 1.4.7
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.4.7
---

This release contains fixes for the security vulnerabilities described in [our March 25th, 2020 news post](/news/security/istio-security-2020-004). This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.4.6 and Istio 1.4.7.

{{< relnote >}}

## Security Update

- **ISTIO-SECURITY-2020-004** Istio uses a hard coded `signing_key` for Kiali.

__[CVE-2020-1764](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-1764)__: Istio uses a default `signing key` to install Kiali. This can allow an attacker with access to Kiali to bypass authentication and gain administrative privileges over Istio.

> In addition, another CVE is fixed in this release, described in the Kiali 1.15.1 [release](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/releases/tag/v1.15.1).

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, another CVE is fixed in this release, described in the Kiali 1.15.1 [release](https://kiali.io/news/security-bulletins/kiali-security-001/).
```
